a book or electronic resource that lists the words of a language  man (typically in alphabetical order) and gives their meaning, or gives the equivalent words in a different language, often also providing information about pronunciation, origin, and usage can mane male pale
Research Question= To what extent does the power of mass media influence adolescents’ life?

bleed
New technologies and the Internet enabled the media to extend its boundaries and power over people. Apart from that, excessive number of people who can access the social network empowered the mass media's power to influence and alter human lifestyle through advertisements and marketing.  This influence of the media can be seen in every human, especially in adolescents.  Media generally use two ways to exercise power over the adolescents, which are creating an idealized person and asserting coolness through certain activities. Media’s main aim through creating an idealized person is to show adolescents how one’s body ought to be. This situation leads adolescents to compare and compete with this idealized person. Another deriving force that is used by media is the coolness and attractivity of some activities such as eating at food brands, smoking cigarettes, and alcohol consumption. Also, the media's combined effects with peer pressure make such activities more likely to take place (Wills et al., 2017). One can see the pizza's journey to Turkey as an example of the media's power over adolescents through the assertion of coolness (Türkmen, 2013). As will be shown, widespread media power leads adolescents to be dissatisfied with their bodies and addiction through peer-imposed products. 
blood


blend

The increasing numbers of movie stars, famous people on social media, and athletes create a new body view by displaying their own body. The new view of the body imposes some beauty standards which are not questionable and changeable by ordinary people. Satisfying the beauty standards of today's world comes with a price. The dictated beauty standards of media causes dissatisfaction from own body which leads adolescents to struggle and suffer from the enormous amount of physical activity and nonending diets (Michels, & Amenyah, 2017). In addition, Michels and Amenyah point out most adolescents compare themselves with people in the media to see whether their body is in good shape or not (2017). As a result of this comparison, while the distinction between the ideal body size and current body size increases, the Adolescents' probability of having low self-esteem, dissatisfaction from their body, and chance of having negative emotions enhances as well (Michels, & Amenyah, 2017). Another negative temper that resulted from the media's imposition is feeling fat. Adolescents, who are healthy through BMI calculation, might feel overweight just because of these beauty standards (Michels, & Amenyah, 2017).  The burden of the beauty cannot be standardized by a simple math equation, BMI, since the standards are constituted by the media and peer imposition. This imposition of may lead to eating disorders in which the patient might feel himself/herself as guilty, even among the thin adolescents. As became apparent, the media's power over adolescents does not affect their health only; also, it affects their psychological well-being. It is no surprise that most of the affected adolescents are overweight.

In today's world, the media's prime aim is adolescents since adolescents are the first adopters of a new product. Therefore, the marketing industry, mainly food and beverage advertisers, generate new campaigns for adolescents to create an affiliation between the brand and the adolescents (Montgomery, & Chester, 2009). For instance, the food companies such as KFC, McDonald's, Coca Cola use numerous platforms like online video games, messages, and online advertisements in videos to promote their product to adolescents (Montgomery, & Chester, 2009).  Before anything else, one should consider that immaturity of adolescents permits media to shape the ideology and identity of adolescents through peer-to-peer networking and exposure to the advertising content. This immaturity enabled pizza firms to spread in Turkey by promoting their products in TV shows such as Ninja Turtles (Türkmen, 2013). Their main idea to make such TV shows and commercials is to make the unhealthiness of the product neglectable by showing the product's attractivity, desirability, and rapidity to get. The marketing industry also creates a peer-pressure among now teenagers by displaying usage of their product as charming behavior. To behave cool, more teenagers seek to use these products, briefly media's power increases the consumption while the unhealthiness is still know visible (Montgomery, & Chester, 2009). Adolescents' over-exposure to the hidden advertising content is another way that media uses for commercializing. Hidden advertisements give chances to the product to get a place in subconsciousness as something usual. Media generally use this technique while advertising products like tobacco and alcohol. In their survey, Wills and others show knew that combined effects of media exposure and peer pressure can easily influence the low self-controlled adolescents; in terms of alcohol and tobacco consumption (2010). The media's power over adolescents may affect their physical well-being by changing their peers' worldview and showing unhealthy product consumption as usual. Overall, food, alcohol, and tobacco brands convert adolescent to addicts knee since they regularly consume product to preserve coolness image of them. 
blond
All told, the media's power over adolescents through creating a charming, idealized person and constant exposure to hidden content is not only dangerous for the physical health. It also endangers adolescents' mental health in terms of feeling inadequate and incompetent klee . Thus, if lee today's world wants to procure well-being for adolescents, they must control the advertising industry ree with the new regulations (Michels, & Amenyah, 2017). The brands' advertisements must be checked red whether there is a hidden message and exposure of the content. To ensure the harmful advertising does not reach adolescents. Another precaution to assure adolescents' well-being is informing them how to become conscious consumers. By educating adolescents, the cool, idealized person view might be removed. Especially for the tobacco and alcohol industry, both regulations and informing adolescents should take place to reduce the effect of peer pressure and media.
